slides/index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage
avatar: yes
---


## Bioinformatcis for medical students

### 2019

- [Introduction to Bioinformatics (without algorithms)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-05-15-Introduction_to_Bioinformatics.html "Introduction to Bioinformatics without algorithms")
- [Introduction to Linux for Bioinformatics (Talk is cheap. Show me the code.)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-06-17-Introduction_to_Linux_for_Bioinformatics.html "Introduction to Linux for Bioinformatics")
- [A beginners guide to Call SNPs and indels (Part I)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-06-28-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_SNPs_and_indels_Part_I.html "A beginners guide to Call SNPs and indels Part I")
- [A beginners guide to Call SNPs and indels (Part II)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-07-31-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_SNPs_and_indels_Part_II.html "Mark Duplicates and Base Recalibration")
- [A beginners guide to Call SNPs and Indels (Part III)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-08-16-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_SNPs_and_indels_Part_III.html "Call SNPs and Indel")
- [Tools Database and otherthings you man need to know](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-08-27-Tools_Database_and_otherthings_you_man_need_to_know.html "Tools Database and otherthings you man need to know")

### 2020

- [A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part I](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2020-10-02-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_somatic_mutation_Part_I.html "A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part I")
- [A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part II](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2020-10-03-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_somatic_mutation_Part_II.html "A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part II")
- [A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part III](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2020-10-04-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_somatic_mutation_Part_III.html "A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part III")
- [A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part IV](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2020-10-05-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_somatic_mutation_Part_IV.html "A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part IV")


## Perl Lecture:      
- [Learning Perl](./learningPerl.html "Learning Perl") 

## UCAS course presentation slides (Chinese):
- [What's the biggest cell in the world](./BigCell.pdf "What's the biggest cell in the world")
- [What is bioinformatics](./WhatisBioinformatics.pdf "What is bioinformatics")
- [Statistical graph and data visualization](./StatisticalGraphandDataVsualization.pdf "Statistical graph and data visualization") (it contained some broken images)
- [Virus](./virus.pdf "Virus")
- [Meta analysis history](./meta_class_presentation.pdf "Meta analysis history")
- [Low carbon in China](./low_carbon_presentation.pdf "Low carbon in China")

Commit message:

add slides of China R conf 2021

slides/index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage
avatar: yes
---


## China R Conference 2021 (in Chinese):

- [Animations in R](./China-R-Conf-2021/Animations-in-R-2021.html "Animations-in-R")


## Bioinformatcis for medical students

### 2019

- [Introduction to Bioinformatics (without algorithms)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-05-15-Introduction_to_Bioinformatics.html "Introduction to Bioinformatics without algorithms")
- [Introduction to Linux for Bioinformatics (Talk is cheap. Show me the code.)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-06-17-Introduction_to_Linux_for_Bioinformatics.html "Introduction to Linux for Bioinformatics")
- [A beginners guide to Call SNPs and indels (Part I)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-06-28-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_SNPs_and_indels_Part_I.html "A beginners guide to Call SNPs and indels Part I")
- [A beginners guide to Call SNPs and indels (Part II)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-07-31-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_SNPs_and_indels_Part_II.html "Mark Duplicates and Base Recalibration")
- [A beginners guide to Call SNPs and Indels (Part III)](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-08-16-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_SNPs_and_indels_Part_III.html "Call SNPs and Indel")
- [Tools Database and otherthings you man need to know](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2019-08-27-Tools_Database_and_otherthings_you_man_need_to_know.html "Tools Database and otherthings you man need to know")

### 2020

- [A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part I](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2020-10-02-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_somatic_mutation_Part_I.html "A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part I")
- [A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part II](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2020-10-03-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_somatic_mutation_Part_II.html "A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part II")
- [A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part III](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2020-10-04-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_somatic_mutation_Part_III.html "A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part III")
- [A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part IV](./bioinfomatcis_for_medical_students/2020-10-05-A_beginners_guide_to_Call_somatic_mutation_Part_IV.html "A beginners guide to call somatic mutation part IV")


## Perl Lecture:      
- [Learning Perl](./learningPerl.html "Learning Perl") 

## UCAS course presentation slides (in Chinese):
- [What's the biggest cell in the world](./BigCell.pdf "What's the biggest cell in the world")
- [What is bioinformatics](./WhatisBioinformatics.pdf "What is bioinformatics")
- [Statistical graph and data visualization](./StatisticalGraphandDataVsualization.pdf "Statistical graph and data visualization") (it contained some broken images)
- [Virus](./virus.pdf "Virus")
- [Meta analysis history](./meta_class_presentation.pdf "Meta analysis history")
- [Low carbon in China](./low_carbon_presentation.pdf "Low carbon in China")
